Slight rework of the grammar/text in the sequelize guide (#264)
discordjs/guide: guide/sequelize/README.md

`allowNull` is not all that important, but this will guarantee in the database that the attribute is never unset. You could potentially set it to be a blank or empty string, but has to be set to _something_.

::: tip
`Sequelize.STRING` vs `Sequelize.TEXT`: In most database systems, the length of the string is a fixed length for performance reasons. Sequelize defaults this to 255. Use STRING if your input has a max length, and use TEXT if does not. For sqlite, there is no unbounded string type so it will not matter which one you pick.
:::

### [gamma] Syncing the model

Now that our structure is defined, you need to make sure the model exists in the database. This goes in our `.once('ready')` event. This way the table structure gets created, and you do not need to worry about it later.
```js
Tags.sync();
```

The table does not actually get created until you `sync` it. The schema that was defined from before was simply creating the model that lets Sequelize know what the data should look like. For testing, you can use `Tags.sync({ force: true })` to recreate the table every time on startup. This way you can get blank slate each time.

### [delta] Adding a tag

> You can finally get your first command. Start off with adding a tag.

Reviewer: We is fine here, as we - the creators of the guide - decide to start with this command
Getting a command sounds rather confusing, giving the sentence a bit more flesh can help here in my opinion:
```suggestion
After all this preparation you can now write your first command. We will start off with the ability to add a tag.
```

}
```

> `Tags.create()` uses the models that was created previously. The `.create()` method inserts some data into the model. you are going to be inserting a tag name, description, and the author name into the database.  

Reviewer: Again, should not be passively be created, the user did it
You capital after `.`
"going to insert" is much cleaner to read.
```suggestion
`Tags.create()` uses the models that you created previously. The `.create()` method inserts some data into the model. You are going to insert a tag name, description, and the author name into the database.  
```

`catch (e)` This section is necessary for the insert. This will offload checking for duplicates to the database, so that it will notify you if you attempt to create a tag that already exists. The alternative is to query the database before adding data, and checking if a result is returned. If there are no errors, or no identical tag is found, only then should you add the data. Of the two methods it is clear that catching the error is less work for yourself.  
`if (e.name === "SequelizeUniqueConstraintError")` Although this was mostly for doing less work, it is always good to handle your errors, especially if you know what types of errors you will receive. This error comes up if your unique constraint is violated, i.e. someone inserted duplicate values.

::: warning
Do not use catch for inserting new data. Only use it for gracefully handling things that go wrong in your code, or logging errors.
:::

### [epsilon] Fetching a tag

> Next you will fetch the tag that was just inserted.

Reviewer: same as above, we will explain how to do this
```suggestion
Next we will explain how to fetch the tag that was just inserted.
```

return message.reply(`Could not find tag: ${tagName}`);
```

This section is very similar to our previous command, except you will be showing the tag metadata. `tag` contains our tag object. Notice two things here: firstly, it is possible to access our object properties without the `.get()` function. This is because the object is an instance of a Tag, which you can treat as an object, and not just a row of data. Second, you can access a property that was not defined explicitly, `createdAt`. This is because Sequelize automatically adds that column to all tables. This feature can be disabled by passing another object into the model with `{ createdAt: false }`, but in this case, it was useful to have.

### [lambda] Listing all tags

> You will use the next command to fetch a list of all the tags that were created so far.

Reviewer: Again, more flesh for easier reading
```suggestion
The next command will enable you to fetch a list of all the tags that were created so far.
```
